Line-by-Line Explanation
Provide me with the line-by-line explanation (of course with the real text) of the scene. Give the key concepts and key lines which must be remembered just below the respective explanation of the line. Provide a brief Hindi translation for the explanation of lines only that summarizes the line.
Also provide brief analysis of the themes, commentary, devices used, plot, characterization and etc.
Make proper use of Headings for easier navigation and readability.
I want to prepare for my test...
---------------------------------------

Audio Overview
Focus on providing detailed line-by-line explanation of the scene with the background of the introductory stages. 
Also focus on providing the in-the-middle explanation and linkage of the characterization, themes, plot, literary devices, etc.
They should also raise up some of the questions based on the ongoing conversation in the middle of the explanation and also give a detailed answer to them for providing an effective and detailed overview.
Make wise use of the sources provided for the explanation of the content and for satisfying the needs described.
--------------------------------------

Video Overview
The whole video should use animation for the visualization of characters and it should have subtitles also for the whole video.
The scene should start with a brief introduction of the background of scene. And then the whole scene comes into the play starting from the text script such that the video scene relates with the current situations. 
The scene of scene should be paused after a few lines and then an explanation of the performed script should be done expressing the whole notion about the scene and also asking and answering questions based on the situation. 
There should also be quick quizzes and booster questions that broadens the thought about the scene and provides a huge background about it. It should also put up conceptual and notional questions.
Also, at last it should provide an analysis of the scene by describing the themes, commentary, devices used, plot, characterization, etc.
The provided sources should be wisely used for the formation of this video.