Line-by-Line Explanation
Provide me with the line-by-line explanation (of course with the real text). Give the key concepts and key lines which must be remembered just below the respective explanation of the line. Provide a brief Hindi translation for the explanation of lines only that summarizes the line.
Also provide brief analysis of the themes, commentary, devices used, plot, characterization, author and etc.
Make proper use of Headings for easier navigation and readability.
I want to prepare for my test...
---------------------------------------

Audio Overview
Focus on providing detailed line-by-line explanation. Provide the background of the introductory stages and the author and the characterization at the starting.
Also focus on providing the in-the-middle explanation and linkage of the themes, plot, literary devices, etc.
They should also raise up some of the questions based on the ongoing conversation in the middle of the explanation and also give a detailed answer to them for providing an effective and detailed overview.
Make wise use of the sources provided for the explanation of the content and for satisfying the needs described.
--------------------------------------

Video Overview
The whole video should use animation for the visualization of characters and it should have subtitles also for the whole video.
The scene should start with a brief introduction of the author of the story/poem. And then the whole story/poem comes into the play starting from the text script such that the video scene relates with the current situations. 
The scene of story/poem should be paused after a few lines and then an explanation of the performed script should be done expressing the whole notion about the story/poem and also asking and answering questions based on the situation. 
There should also be quick quizzes and booster questions that broadens the thought about the story/poem and provides a huge background about it. It should also put up conceptual and notional questions.
Also, at last it should provide an analysis of the story/poem by describing the themes, commentary, devices used, plot, characterization, author and etc.
The provided sources should be wisely used for the formation of this video.
--------------------------------------

Flashcards
The Flashcards must have critical thinking and high-order-thinking-skills questions that squeezes the symbolism, themes, etc. from the content sources.
--------------------------------------

Quiz
The quiz must ask the questions pertaining to critical thinking and remarks assigning to high-order-thinking-skills. The questions must squeeze the symbolism, themes, etc. from the content source.